---
layout: post
title: Day 3
---

Today is day three of my project. After watching a few video about both modules, I think tkinter is a better fit for my project because I can make buttons and other input with so much less code compared to pygame. However, one downside is that its REALLY uglyyy. It looks like something from the late 90s. Tkinter does allow me to import images, so hopefully I can have time to add good visuals to my GUI before this project is due. I figured out how to make my aces work, but splitting is still a pain. While I brainstorm how to make spltting work, I plan on making more progress on my GUI. I need a good screen size, and I need to planout where to place my buttons. For now, I don't think moving my code from colab to vscode will be a problem at all. I made a really stupid mistake today where I named my .py file tkinter and everything broke when I imported tkinter because they shared the same name. It was really really stupid and took me way too long to figure out. For tommorow, my plan it so take a break from blackjack and focus on the GUI. Maybe taking a break will allow me to figure out how to split the player's hand. For now, blackjack is fully functional minus the splitting feature. It already has a money system and a play-again system which I am pretty proud of. It fully relies on print statements right now, and I think my next big step after integreting blackjack into vscode with tkinter is to add visuals for every single card. Hopefully, I can find some images online and somehow link every card string to an image.
