---
layout: post
title: Day 6
---

Very good progress today. I am surprised that I got so much done even after going to church. I made all of my buttons functional today and even added functions to allow you to continously play the game. Although that part is not functional yet, I am pretty confident I can get it to work no problem tommorow or even later today. I also found that there is unicode for card art. So, if I can change the font size of my text widgets in Tkinter, it sould be real easy to display cards. All I would need is a dictionary to convert all my cards into unicode. One thing I regret not doing is adding testing for all of my code. Although I am still able to determine what is wrong very quickly, adding testing probably would've made everything smoother. A lot of my docstrings are empty rightnow as well, so I would like to finish those sometime later as well. With only 3 days left in my project, the progress I made today was very crucial and I need to keep this work ethic up for the next three days. I feel like I would be able to get a lot more work done today if it weren't for exploravision. The paper is technically due today and I haven't done like anything yet. So, I will [unfortunantly] have to spend the rest of my day working on that. While I do have a free period tommorow, I likely need to dedicate most, if not all of that time to my english reflection paper, which I also haven't done yet. :) With the time I have tommorow, I would like to make my code fully functional without visuals. Then, I can spend Tuesday adding visuals and polishing my code along with creating a presentation for this project. 

Update: Code to play game continously is now functioning. I realized that using global variables reduced my function arguments by a lot. Now, most of my functions need zero arguments and some only need two. This makes my code a lot more concise and readable. I did realize during gameplay testing that I can double down without having enough money. So, I will have to do something about that. Hopefully, I can fix that tommorow and finally integrate some visuals for my code.

Update: By some miracle, I finished coding the game! Visuals and everything! I even did some gameplay texting to fix extra features like not allowing the player to edit text boxes, and a warning message for invalid double downs. I am pretty proud of myself. The goal for tommorow is to do a lot more testing. Hopefully, I can ask some of my friends to play and see if they discover any new bugs. I can't believe I finished my game today, I thought it would take another two days to finish but my productivity was just insane today. I don't know why, but I don't feel any relief after finishing my code. Instead, I feel like there's some huge bug I haven't found that is waiting for me. Hopefully, that's not true and that my code won't need too much debugging. I feel like yuto and alberto know how to break a game, so I will ask them to test my game out first.
