---
layout: post
title: Day 4
---
Today is day 4 of my project, I took a break yesterday and reflected on my code. These were my thoughts from yesterday that I decided to not put in a separate blog: " I am setting splitting as a final reach goal for me because it's currently wasting a lot of my time and I still have no clue what the heck to do. I think it would be best if I could break my current code in colab down to multiple functions to add test cases and to make them easier to import into my final version with a GUI. I think my plan is to import my blackjack code into vscode and making it funcitonal before considering visuals. The timing in print statements are a little weird right now, maybe another reach goal would be to import time and add some short pauses here and there. Maybe research more about how to position buttons and text in Tkinter to make the GUI look a little nicer."

Today, I listened to my reflections from yesterday and finally made a big blob of code smaller blobs of code. Now, there are more functions which allow for easier testing and also makes the code easier to import to vscode. Speaking of testing, I added testcases to many of my functions. To test my function that creates shuffled decks, I just went with an eye test because I trust the random module. My second function looks at any hand and returns the value as an integer. This one took a few testcases because I had to test for the Ace card changing value, but using assert statements here worked pretty well. My next function checks if you busted or got a blackjack after a card is dealt. This one was again, very simple to test, just a few assert statements did the trick. The next function simulates the dealer dealing cards to himself after a player stands or doubles down. This one is so hard to test because this function needs 6 different arguments to function (haha get it?). I am thinking of still using assert statements but this one will take a while. Maybe I will do it tommorow. Overall, lots of progress on the colab side of things. Tommorow, I will try to format my GUI to look better and I can hopefully start importing my code to my GUI soon. The colab version of blackjack definitely took a lot longer then expected, but I think my work ethic can make up for it as long as I lock in over the weekend. 

Update: I was a little more productive today and made all my test cases. YIPPY! However, I realize my code registers the player winning when they have a blackjack even if the dealer also one. While this would basically never happen, this means I have to change some functions to make sure to cover this case. Maybe adding integrating code to my GUI will come sooner than expected. 

Update: Productivity skyrocketed today. I fixed the bug regarding when both the player and dealer both have a blackjack. I downloaded my colab as a .py file and put it in the same folder I am using for my GUI and successfully imported my colab code. Now, I should be able to access functions from my colab code. However, I don't know how useful that will be because I need to redefine a lot of my functions due to different input methods. In colab, I am asking for character inputs to different player actions, but my GUI will use buttons instead. Honestly, very productive day today. I am pretty happy with myself.
