---
layout: post
title: Day 7
---

I did zero coding today. While that's not good for my project, I DID work on my presentation, which is very important as well. I had lots of fun creating the presentation. I realized that I gotta teach people the game I'm implementing, and creating slides for that was very fun. I don't even know why I enjoyed it so much. I also felt like the insight sharing section of the presentation was a very good way for me to reflect on my project so far. Making those slides made me reflect of this project a lot. I really did put in a lot of effort into this, and I am quite happy that it turned out well. I think the insights I added in my presentation were pretty thoughtful. I am hoping that my slides will be engaging, because my peers are grading it after all. A fun presentation is a good one.

For tommorow, I would like to get more testing done on my game. It would be quite embarrassing to present my game confidently on Wednesday and for a random bug to pop up and for my game to not work. I would be quite sad if that happened. The best way for that to not happen is to work hard and improve my code. If I truly have time tommorow, adding insurance bet to my game wouldn't be a bad idea either. While it would be very last second, (and it would be quite useless,) I would enjoy a cool feature like that in my game. However, with the amount of time left, I really don't think that's happening. Plus, insurance bet is so annoying to explain to people. So, I guess I will leave that as a fantasy for now. Hopefully I work diligently tommorow.
