---
layout: post
title: Day 4
---

Today was not even close to the productivity of yesterday. Although that was expected, I felt like I still could've done a lot more today. However, the progress I made today was nevertheless important. I took Lux's advice and my cards out of ASCII art. I was pretty proud because I made it myself. These cards use unicode to get the suit emoji and uses a basic f string to get the job done. Now, I am faced with a very serious question. How big do I want my cards? Small cards will looks weird, but big cards might make hitting very buggy. I think I might have to shrink my cards down a little smaller to make this work. Hopefully it is not too ugly. A card right now looks something like this:
 _______
|10     |
|       |
|       |
|   ♥   |
|       |
|       |
|_______|

It looks a little weird on github, but I promise it looks slightly better on my GUI. This simple card design leaves me with only two values that I have to change for each card, making it very simple for me. I am starting to import over my functions from colab to vscode and it is so messy. I wish I could have code blocks like colab. I did find that I could just make multiple files and make lots of imports to make my main page look cleaner. However, it still makes things very complicated especially when some of my funtions need to keep track of 7 variables at a time. The biggest difficulty with these functions is that they all print stuff, and I need to turn those print messages into strings that I insert into text boxes. Hopefully, integrating these functions will no be as difficult as I think it is. With only 4 days left to work, I really don't know if I can make it. Maybe the goal I set for myself was a little too hard. 
